what is going on everybody welcome back
to the city of Z once again i will be
your tour guide today and i hope you
enjoy your stay and as you can see on
screen right now the outro cinematic for
call duty advanced warfare infection
zombies was that little i guess so sort
of a leaked it came with some files
people found it we still don't know how
to get this in game so there's still
something to be found an infection that
i'll be working on today if you guys
have any ideas leave a comment down
below without further ado let's take a
look at this out EXO zombies altro clear
get up here
I don't like this we got the high ground
what's not to like we're cut off that's
what
fuck
what is
been watching you a long time Avice did
a real number on your heads did make
another personal
Oh
oh yeah